Justin Kinder
“3d art for games and printing”

	Justin Kinder is an emerging 3d prop artist, specializing in hand-painted modelling and texturing for video games. Since November of 2013, he’s been using applications such as: Maya, Zbrush, 3D Coat, Photoshop, Marmoset, Unity, and XNormal to develop his work. Currently he resides in San Francisco, and is working with CODAME to re-design a the art+tech-mascot inspired by the Droplet.-

Theuriah
	Intricate, polished IDM from one of the minds behind the Jejune Institute and all the surrounding Games of Nonchalance. Equal parts creative and technical, and immersed in the world of audio production, music, and transmedia.

Jasper Patterson
Multi talented Director/Performer/Experience Designer/M.C. /Pupeteer/Musician and Vocalist

	Jasper Patterson is a product of the new vaudeville movement. Brought up in and around the circus, he studied directing, physical theater, puppetry and theatrical design and graduated with a degree from Bard College. He is a performer, musician, writer, director and experience designer in the Bay Area. He has directed and performed in productions and festivals around the world. His new projects fuse circus and comedy improvisation with installation and reactive technology.

Elisa Sassi + Perry Chan
	Elisa Sassi, known for cute bunny art, has teamed up with Perry Chan, code ninja, to create an experience that will be both fun and creative. Bunnies come to life in a multi-screen experience that overloads you with cuteness while wowing with a seemingly impossible feat of connecting art and mobile devices. 

Ami Wang
	Born and raised in Taiwan, Ami came to the USA to study interior design at CCA. She uses 3D printing, CNC and laser cutting fabrication techniques to make art. Ami is inspired by photography and graphic design.


Chun Wang
	Chun Wang is a coder and mixed media artist whose day job is to create interactive data visualizations for commercial software. Her artworks span across watercolor and acrylic paintings, collages, installations, and digital arts. She embraces technology as a medium for artistic expression and to enrich the way her art is perceived and understood by its audience. Her latest works piece together fine arts, creative coding, and augmented reality to invent multilayered aesthetic experiences.

Marpi
	Marpi is a technical director / creative developer with a background in art, technology, and live performance. He uses code for building 3D worlds, immersive experiences, and storytelling in style and difference. His work spans across digital installations, virtual reality, music visualization, projections and experiential web. He’s developed work for clients such as Qatar Foundation, Disney, Adobe, Toyota, MTV, Nintendo, Puma, Nintendo. Marpi’s also has being nominated for and won several awards including Webby, One Show, Pixel Awards, SXSW Interactive, The FWA (x14) and the .NET Magazine site of the year.

Yagiz Mungan
	R. Yagiz Mungan is an interdisciplinary artist whose practice is located at the intersection of sound/music, interaction, performance, virtual worlds and gaming. His works ranges from linear musical pieces to art games to installations to generative systems to alternate realities but in general integrates technology as an active agent of the experience. The works aim to pose critical questions or investigate aesthetics of sound, interaction and visuals. His solo and collaborative works have been exhibited and performed internationally in United States, Turkey, Germany and Czech Republic. He holds MSc in computer engineering and MFA in interactive arts and currently works at an agency creating interactive experiences in San Francisco.

Natacha Merrit
	An accomplished artist and producer, Natacha Merrit was ready for a new challenge and soon developed a passion for biology, "the ultimate exploration of life," she says. She returned to higher education in 2005 to study biology at the San Francisco State University, specialising in Biodiversity and Evolutionary Biology. In 2008, while deep in her studies of biology, she wrote an "insect circus" inspired by her observations of the insect world and celebrating the importance of biodiversity. She licensed the rights to Cirque du Soleil and the circus became OVO, still touring. Merritt's recent work highlights how our morphologies are intimately linked to other species through shared and convergent evolution. While proposing a new feminist stance, Merritt incorporates scientific insights with her artistic practice. Her new work unveils an untapped sexual beauty and eroticism hidden within all species.

Neil Mendoza
	Neil Mendoza’s work uses digital and mechanical technologies to bring inanimate objects and spaces to life. Using this medium, he explores the absurd, the humorous, the futile and the surreal. He was born and raised in the UK and is currently based in Los Angeles. His work has been exhibited by The Science Museum, The V&A, Watermans, PICNIC Festival, The AND Festival, ISEA, Kinetica, The Nottingham Playhouse, The Barbican, BBC Big Screens and The Museum of London, Oi Futuro, among others.









