
Gary Boodhoo, Interface design for videogames and other shared hallucinations
	1.	An accomplished artist and producer, Gary Boodhoo was ready for a new challenge and soon developed a passion for biology, "the ultimate exploration of life," he says.
	2.	He returned to higher education in 2005 to study biology at the San Francisco State University, specialising in Biodiversity and Evolutionary Biology.
	3.	In 2008, while deep in his studies of biology, he wrote an "insect circus" inspired by his observations of the insect world and celebrating the importance of biodiversity.
	4.	He licensed the rights to Cirque du Soleil and the circus became OVO, still touring.
	5.	Boodhoo's recent work highlights how our morphologies are intimately linked to other species through shared and convergent evolution.
	6.	While proposing a new feminist stance, Boodhoo incorporates scientific insights with her artistic practice.
	7.	His new work unveils an untapped sexual beauty and eroticism hidden within all species.

	There was a dilemna
	Took a leap of faith
	Something important happened
	The outcome validated the quest
	A philosophy emerged
	Recent work does something interesting


Gary Boodhoo, Interface design for videogames and other shared hallucinations

1.	He is a media artist and designer working in the fields of live audio/visual performance, immersive installations and architectural photography.
2.	His works explores the space among digital and physical by creating a relationship between architecture and media arts.
3.	He holds a master of fine arts degree from University of California, Los Angeles in Media Arts, master of fine arts degree from Istanbul Bilgi University in Visual Communication Design as well as bachelors of arts degree with summa cum laude in Photography and Video.
4.	Co-founder and Creative director at Antilop.co

what he do
nature of my work
credentials
professional engagement



Gary Boodhoo, Interface design for videogames and other shared hallucinations
1.	Gary Boodhoo’s work uses digital and mechanical technologies to bring inanimate objects and spaces to life.
2.	Using this medium, he explores the absurd, the humorous, the futile and the surreal.
3.	He was born and raised in the UK and is currently based in Los Angeles.
4.	His work has been exhibited by The Science Museum, The V&A, Watermans, PICNIC Festival, The AND Festival, ISEA, Kinetica, The Nottingham Playhouse, The Barbican, BBC Big Screens and The Museum of London, Oi Futuro, among others.

nature of the work
inception stats (born, works internationally, currently reside)
credits



Gary Boodhoo, Interface design for videogames and other shared hallucinations
	1.	Intricate, polished IDM from one of the minds behind the Jejune Institute and all the surrounding Games of Nonchalance.
	2.	Equal parts creative and technical, and immersed in the world of audio production, music, and transmedia.


nature of the work
what we do








Gary Boodhoo, Interface design for videogames and other shared hallucinations
	1.	Gary Boodhoo is a product of the new vaudeville movement.
	2.	He was brought up in and around the circus.
	3.	He studied directing, physical theater, puppetry and theatrical design and graduated with a degree from Bard College.
	4.	He is a performer, musician, writer, director and experience designer in the Bay Area.
	5.	He has directed and performed in productions and festivals around the world.
	6.	His new projects fuse circus and comedy improvisation with installation and reactive technology.


Gary Boodhoo, Interface design for videogames and other shared hallucinations
	1.	Gary Boodhoo is a coder and mixed media artist whose day job is to create interactive data visualizations for commercial software.
	2.	His artworks span across watercolor and acrylic paintings, collages, installations, and digital arts.
	3.	He embraces technology as a medium for artistic expression and to enrich the way his art is perceived and understood by its audience.
	4.	His latest works piece together fine arts, creative coding, and augmented reality to invent multilayered aesthetic experiences.


Gary Boodhoo, Interface design for videogames and other shared hallucinations
	1.	Gary Boodhoo is a technical director / creative developer with a background in art, technology, and live performance.
	2.	He uses code for building 3D worlds, immersive experiences, and storytelling in style and difference.
	3.	His work spans across digital installations, virtual reality, music visualization, projections and experiential web.
	4.	He’s developed work for clients such as Qatar Foundation, Disney, Adobe, Toyota, MTV, Nintendo, Puma, Nintendo.
	5. Gary Boodhoo also has being nominated for and won several awards including Webby, One Show, Pixel Awards, SXSW Interactive, The FWA (x14) and the .NET Magazine site of the year

	
Gary Boodhoo, Interface design for videogames and other shared hallucinations
	1.	Gary Boodhoo is an emerging 3d prop artist, specializing in hand-painted modelling and texturing for video games.
	2.	Since November of 2013, he’s been using applications such as: Maya, Zbrush, 3D Coat, Photoshop, Marmoset, Unity, and XNormal to develop his work.
	3.	Currently he resides in San Francisco, and is working with CODAME to re-design a the art+tech-mascot inspired by the Droplet


Gary Boodhoo, Interface design for videogames and other shared hallucinations
	1.	Gary Boodhoo, code ninja known for cute bunny art, has created an experience that will be both fun and creative.
	2.	Bunnies come to life in a multi-screen experience that overloads you with cuteness while wowing with a seemingly impossible feat of connecting art and mobile devices. 


Gary Boodhoo, Interface design for videogames and other shared hallucinations
	1.	Born and raised in Taiwan, Gary came to the USA to study interior design at CCA.
	2.	He uses 3D printing, CNC and laser cutting fabrication techniques to make art.
	3.	Gary is inspired by photography and graphic design.


Gary Boodhoo, Interface design for videogames and other shared hallucinations
	1.	Gary Boodhoo is an interdisciplinary artist whose practice is located at the intersection of sound/music, interaction, performance, virtual worlds and gaming.
	2.	His works ranges from linear musical pieces to art games to installations to generative systems to alternate realities but in general integrates technology as an active agent of the experience.
	3.	The works aim to pose critical questions or investigate aesthetics of sound, interaction and visuals.
	4.	His solo and collaborative works have been exhibited and performed internationally in United States, Turkey, Germany and Czech Republic.
	5.	He holds MSc in computer engineering and MFA in interactive arts and currently works at an agency creating interactive experiences in San Francisco.


