Deep Dream Vision Quest is a neural video installation by interactive designer Gary Boodhoo. He's created a magic mirror, an ambient interface for discovering creative artificial intelligence. Machine hallucination cools down the hot boundaries of public space. Turns out it's easier to meet people when they're aliens too. 

Machine learning is building the 21st century but it's invisible. Neural networks, Big Data and Money are the public face of artificial intelligence. The technology is both misunderstood and fetishized so folklore emerges. In comparison to Big AI, Creative AI rewards biases inherent to neural computing. Our neural models are cartoons compared to biology. Even so, we celebrate their anthropomorphic qualities since we recognize them in ourselves.

The behavior of neural networks isn't always obvious. Indeed, it's been said that neural networks are the second best solution to any problem. Deep Dream visualizes what happens inside when the network is given a picture to identify. Instead of listening for an answer (is that a cat?), it listens to the network operate. Some neurons activate more strongly in response to input than others. Some neurons dampen the activity of their neighbors. Deep Dream adds all those signals to the picture and presents it to the network again, creating a feedback loop. The resulting pictures reveal concepts the neural network has learned.

Deep Dream Vision Quest performs continuous sequential Deep Dream processing on live video. Motion detection reduces the amount of data fed to the neural network. The machine dreams about whatever it last saw until something moves and a new picture arrives.. 

We use a game controller to cycle between dreams and take pictures of the buildings, animals and machines that appear. We use a webcam with a really long USB cable so people pick it up and navigate the hallucination. Players soon realize holding still gives the machine more time to dream so the visuals intensify. Holding still as a group introduces a different kind of game (someone always moves!) We blend together and come apart, always on the edge of a new transition. 